labnotes - week 1 (sept 10)

Marxist base and superstructure "I'm one to get to the truth" Kittler,
the famous German...

visual theorists, marksdown unfold textuality or authorship without deep
understanding for the tools that's part of goal, to get to the materials
to get to the essay we read call ... you see surface of something, we're
going to do that

as citizens, we care about speech and ontological devices and concepts
again, when we think about free speech, I challenge you to think
materialism speech is someone talking in the form, when you talk free
speech, ... enable free speech? what it is to speak freely? and who
controls the environment or ecosystem that distracts us? at the level,
it's almost... force underneath, the structure that supports environment
that is digital we talk ... but most of us, the personal communication
happens digitally hopefully that would be enough reason to do this kind
of stuff

why I switch this.. even though I'm technical efficient person, did
computer when my father brought punchcard I thought I would... user
computer until few years ago, i'm sitting in front of my Mac, I'm not
expert user of that operating system those are things that surround us
daily and yet, a few people appeal sense of expertise at those system
most of us use mac or PC, more than a decade, that's everybody think
about this: if you were cooking as a chef for twenty years, you would be
efficient you would be proud of your implements and very likely, ten
years of practice, you develop in certain way (cutting tomatoes, knifes,
etc.) I don't have ownership... that ...? today's purpose of workshop is
to familiarize with tools that envelops us
